This place is about emotion
Jade Chuan's lines still need to be improved
Urge him to practice.
Hey, I don't know how this kid is practicing.
Mr. Wang, your eyes are not good
I'll just talk to Sun Yuchuan
That won't work. Strict teachers produce excellent apprentices
I'm still counting on him to win the best actor's title
I don't believe it.
Surrender the fishing boat
You're with them
That car was clearly returned as a fake.
And so forth.
If it wasn't for hitting a tree on purpose
If it weren't for the supervision, he would not only be stupid
Will you jump out and recognize yourself?
The divorce cooling-off period is about to expire
You don't want to see me with nothing, do you?
You're dead, Don asks for no evidence
Years of director experience
I didn't expect that one day I would come to the scene to send the best actor
The police will be here soon.
Really?
Why did Tangyuan save me?
Sorry.
I was wrong. I'm willing to put you on the stand
I promise you anything as long as you can forgive me.
You're just trying to make your conscience feel better
You're not helping me.
You're helping yourself.
In the future, Yangyang will become a colleague and a big boss
I want to be a badass
Of course!
That day
I want to be the best boss
Cover my sister